# playground

*The year is 2007. Mrs. Smith, your 4th grade teacher, drones on about some new alien concept she deems "fractions." You can't help but sigh as your attention turns to the clock on the far side of the classroom. How much longer until recess? You start dreaming of the playground outside, patiently waiting for you and your classmates arrive. When will it be 12 o'clock?*

I'm sure almost everyone can relate to this feeling of anticipation. Nostalgia aside, recess is an essential tool for learning. After an exhausting morning in grade school, going outside to the playground gives a young student the opportunity he needs to recharge and build himself mentally and physically. Through the monkey bars, he learns grit and perseverance. The chin up bar teaches him the importance of physical ability and health. He plays soccer to enhance his communication skills and learns firsthand the importance of teamwork. He learns to communicate with friends and foes and the need for empathy. He gains courage by going down the big slide, and he learns how to take risks climbing up the fireman's pole. Maybe he'll fall and get hurt, but he'll quickly realize how to minimize injuries, which teacher he can go to for help, and which of his classmates care about him. He is constantly building, interacting, making connections, and enhancing his perception of his environment and peers around him.

Although we grow out of the fantastic wonders of the plastic fort outside our school doors, we shouldn't lose the ability to learn joyfully. This repository is my coding playground. It may be structured, it may end up not being structured. In it, I will practice and try new things. I want to build myself in the same way that a child does on the playground. 
